PORT-3749-advanced-form-configurations-add-additional-related-to-oper… (#338)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/create-self-service-experiences/setup-ui-for-action/advanced-form-configurations.md

:point_up: only the environments whose type is not `production` will appear in the dropdown. :point_up:

### Filter the dropdown's available options based on a previous input

This example contains a filter that will only display the namespaces that are related to the cluster that was selected in the `Cluster` input.

```json
{
  "Cluster": {
    "type": "string",
    "format": "entity",
    "blueprint": "Cluster",
    "title": "Cluster",
    "description": "The cluster to create the namespace in"
  },
  "namespace": {
    "type": "string",
    "format": "entity",
    "blueprint": "namespace",
    "dependsOn": ["Cluster"],
    "dataset": {
      "combinator": "and",
      "rules": [
        {
          "blueprint": "Cluster",
          "operator": "relatedTo",
          "value": {
            "jqQuery": ".form.Cluster.identifier"
          }
        }
      ]
    },
    "title": "namespace",
    "description": "The namespace to create the cluster in"
  }
}
```

![Cluster And Namespace Action](../../../static/img/software-catalog/blueprint/clusterNamespaceActionSmallerExample.png)

> :point_up: The user will be required to choose a cluster, then a namespace from the selected cluster. :point_up:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:point_up: The user will be required to choose a cluster, and then the namespace input list will be populated with cluster entities related to the chosen cluster. :point_up:
```

:point_up: The namespace tags are already inserted to the form. :point_up:

> <!-- this is commented out for now -->

Reviewer: Delete this

  "description": "This will deploy a running service to a cluster"
}
```

#### The action in the developer portal:

![Cluster And Namespace Action](../../../static/img/software-catalog/blueprint/clusterNamespaceAction.png)

> :point_up: The user will be required to choose a cluster, then a namespace from the selected cluster. And will be able to deploy only services associated with his team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:point_up: The user will be required to choose a cluster, and then the namespace input list will be populated with cluster entities related to the chosen cluster. The user will only be able to deploy services associated with his team.
```
